README.md, before:

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/grahammonteith/)
![GitHub commit activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/m/gmonteith/farm-finance)
![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/gmonteith/farm-finance)

## Description:
This is a brief analysis of Deere's SVA, with a particular focus on Europe,
which I wrote up having had a conversation with a erstwhile colleague and
friend from John Deere International.

The paper takes a high level view of the challenge of the European division of
Deere achieving the same level of SVA as the US operation.

---

## Files:
There are a number of supporting pdf files and one groff file that creates a
pdf of my work.

File name | Description
--------- | -----------
`sva-jd.pdf`| My brief analysis on Deere's SVA in Europe
deere-sva.pdf | Supporting evidence showing Deere SVA calculation
agco-operating.pdf | Supporting evidence showing AGCO operating profit
agco-roic.pdf	| Supporting evidence showing the ROIC target for AGCO
MetricWars.pdf| History of metrics designed to measure economic value
`README.md` | This file

---

## Installation:
I use a Debian system so I will presume that if your system is different you
can follow along from the Debian instructions.

You will require groff:

`sudo apt-get	install groff`

---

### Optional Packages:
You will also require a pdf viewer, I use both evince and zathura:

`sudo apt-get install zathura`

---

## Usage
To recreate the pdf *sav-jd.pdf* and view it from inside the directory where
you have downloaded the repo, you can simply type:

`. create-pdf; zathura sav-jd.pdf`

---

Commit message:

Add link to OneDrive to view the pdf file
A link has been added to the OneDrive shared folder so that people can
view the pdf without having to clone the repo.

README.md, after:

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/grahammonteith/)
![GitHub commit activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/m/gmonteith/farm-finance)
![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/gmonteith/farm-finance)

## Description:
This is a brief analysis of Deere's SVA, with a particular focus on Europe,
which I wrote up having had a conversation with a erstwhile colleague and
friend from John Deere International.

The paper takes a high level view of the challenge of the European division of
Deere achieving the same level of SVA as the US operation.

The document has been written using the groff document formatting system with
the ms macro package and the preprocessors eqn and pic.

If you wish to view the pdf derived from the groff file please click this
[link](https://1drv.ms/u/s!AoOgbX-hORgAbURCh_B81JfDlzo?e=bIn5IV)

---

## Files:
There are a number of supporting pdf files and one groff file that creates a
pdf of my work.

File name | Description
--------- | -----------
`sva-jd.pdf`| My brief analysis on Deere's SVA in Europe
deere-sva.pdf | Supporting evidence showing Deere SVA calculation
agco-operating.pdf | Supporting evidence showing AGCO operating profit
agco-roic.pdf	| Supporting evidence showing the ROIC target for AGCO
MetricWars.pdf| History of metrics designed to measure economic value
`README.md` | This file

---

## Installation:
I use a Debian system so I will presume that if your system is different you
can follow along from the Debian instructions.

You will require groff:

`sudo apt-get	install groff`

---

### Optional Packages:
You will also require a pdf viewer, I use both evince and zathura:

`sudo apt-get install zathura`

---

## Usage
To recreate the pdf *sav-jd.pdf* and view it from inside the directory where
you have downloaded the repo, you can simply type:

`. create-pdf; zathura sav-jd.pdf`

---
